Welcome back.
In this lesson we're going
to go over brick prevention.
>> Yeah, in this lesson we will talk
to you about different ways you could
end up shorting your board.
Possibly through the DC connector or
through the various GPIO interfaces
that are available to you.
We're also going to touch
on different ways you could
soft brick it by deleting partition tables
from within the operating system or
not following different
flashing procedures correctly.
>> Even disconnecting your board,
will also probably result in
a corruption of your operating system.
So, make sure in the next following
sections that you go ahead and
listen to these warnings and try and
prevent them from happening.
>> We really want to make sure that your
board is safe and that you don't mess it
up because you'll end up with just
a very expensive paper weight.